Alright, in this video I have an
assignment for you and that is to go in
and display the remaining recipe
properties. And specifically what we want
to do is, in the previous video I showed
you how we can add in a hint,
so IntelliJ will pick up the proper type
of recipe. So go ahead and add that to
the show page and then we want to add in
an iterator for the categories to
display each category, and then also want
to do the same thing for ingredients. So
we'll have to add to iterators for
categories and ingredients. And then we
have roughly a half-dozen properties to
implement. So we want to get all that
dynamic content that's been stubbed out
on the page working in. I think you guys
should be able to work through this. We've shown most of it already in the
course. We've gone through it before. But
in the next video, in case you run into
any problems, I'm going to walk through
it step by step so you can see this get
implemented and have a working copy to
go forward with.